# 19-02-24 TA meeting | agenda

Date:           20-02-24\
Main focus:     Establish base of application and Code of Conduct\
Chair:          Rens\
Note taker:     Eva

| Subject                       | Duration (min) |
|-------------------------------|---------------:|
| Opening                       |              2 |
| Approval of the agenda        |              2 |
| Discuss Code of Conduct draft |             10 |
| SCRUM questions               |              5 |
| Base class structure          |             15 |
| Planning week 2               |              5 |
| Other business                |              5 |
| Wrap up                       |              1 |

## Approval of the agenda

*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*\
Note: No added topics that need to be discussed in the agenda. However, it was dicussed that a optional 'Feeback' topic
will be added once every few weeks at the end of a meeting.

## Discuss Code of Conduct draft

The Code of Conduct draft: link was here

Notes: It was decided that Friday 23rd of February is the deadline for the Code of Conduct. During the Friday meeting on
the 23rd we will discuss the entire Code of Conduct, finish writing the section '10. Consequences', resolve the last
comments and make the last few changes.

### Section 10: Consequences

What are good consequences to put here?\
Do we want static or dynamic consequences?\
Do we want consequences to be in place at all?

Notes: As added in "Discuss Code of Conduct", we will discuss and finish writing the section '10. Consequences'.

## SCRUM questions

Are there any questions about SCRUM?\
Are there any questions on how we're going to use SCRUM in relation to GitLab?

## Base class structure

Notes:

- The base class structure that was made during the meeting on Friday 16th of February was explained again and
  discussed. Changes were made in the document associated with this (named: 'Class
  Structure' link was here)
- Agreed that the additional costs of relevant exchange rates are paid by the Payer.
- TO DO:
    - Ask the lecturer about the User Managment System.
    - Rens Pols will do the implementation of the base class structure.
    - Eva Miesen has been made responsible for Design UX.

## Sprint backlog | week-2

| log-item                       | responsible   | priority |
|--------------------------------|---------------|----------|
| Decide class data structure    | Product Owner | urgent   |
| Implement class data structure | Rens Pols     | urgent   |
| Create product backlog         | Product Owner | high     |
| Design UX                      | Eva Miesen    | high     |
| Implement basic UX             |               | high     |
| Design UI                      |               | low      |

## Any other business

## Questions for the TA

- If you don't reach one of the requirements? --> The lecturers will send an email. If you miss doing the requirements
  twice, then you might be kicked out of OOPP.

## Closing

- Chair for next week: Sem van der Weijden
- Minute-take for next week: Wing Wong
- Tip of the TA: End the meetings on time! This contributes to your grade.

